README.md, before:

# DT468 DDCT Showcase 

**Authors:** [Your Name(s)]
**Deployment URL:** [Link to your live site, if applicable]

A portfolio showcase for the DDCT / DT468 course, built with React and Supabase. This application allows students to upload their projects (including media, files, and descriptions) and enables teachers/admins to browse, filter, and manage the submissions.

## Tech Stack 💻

### Core Technologies
- **Framework:** React (with TypeScript)
- **Build Tool:** Vite
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS with custom design tokens and utility classes.
- **Backend as a Service (BaaS):** Supabase
  - **Database:** Postgres
  - **Authentication:** Supabase Auth for user and role management.
  - **File Storage:** Supabase Storage for project media and downloads.
  - **Real-time:** Supabase Real-time Subscriptions for live updates on likes and comments.

### Advanced & Third-Party Components
- **UI Components:** A custom library inspired by `shadcn/ui` (Buttons, Cards, Tabs, Dialogs).
- **Image Gallery:** `slick-carousel` for the "Steam-like" project media gallery.
- **Data Visualization:** A charting library for the admin analytics dashboard.
- **Animation:** CSS transitions and keyframe animations via `tailwindcss-animate` for interactive UI elements and component states.
- **File Handling:** `jszip` for bundling project files for download.
- **Graph Rendering:** `recharts` for admin dashboard charts (bar, pie, and line visualizations).

## Getting Started ✨

Follow these steps to get the project running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### 1. Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 20.x or later recommended)
- A [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) account and project.
- A terminal or command prompt.
- (Optional) [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) if you prefer a GUI for Git.

### 2. Clone the Repository

You can clone the repository using either the command line or GitHub Desktop.

### 3. Install Dependencies

Once the repository is cloned, open a terminal in the project's root directory. (In GitHub Desktop, you can go to `Repository > Open in Command Prompt`). Then, run the following command:

```bash
npm install
```

### 4. Configure environment

Create a `.env` or `.env.local` file follows `.env.example` poject root with your Supabase keys, for example:

### 5. Run the dev server

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Main Features

- **Authentication** - secure login/logout for students, partners and administrators using Supabase Auth.
- **Home Page** - category and tag-based browsing of student projects.
- **Project Page** - Steam-like gallery, HTML description, files/downloads, likes and comments.
- **Upload Flow** - students can upload projects with media, tags and files.
- **Events** - events home page lists Supabase-backed events; event detail page shows full info; admins can create/edit/delete events in Event Management.
- **Profiles & Resume** - students can set up their profile info and export their own resume PDF; partners/admins can view full profiles and export resume summaries for others.
- **Admin Dashboard** - admin-only analytics (Recharts), project management, events management, and account settings with quick logins.


## ⚠️ Important Note About Database Performance

The account has exceeded its monthly egress (outbound data) limit, which affects how quickly media and project files load.

As a result:

Images, videos, and project assets may load slowly

Some files may fail to load during peak hours

Real-time and storage operations might be temporarily throttled

This issue is not related to the application code, but rather to the hosting limits of the current Supabase plan.
The system performs normally when deployed on a Supabase instance with sufficient egress bandwidth.

Commit message:

Revise README with updated project details
Updated authors and deployment URL, added video presentation link, and improved tech stack section.

README.md, after:

# DT468 DDCT Showcase Website 💗

**Authors:** Pichamon Wiangsamur & Kantapich Panpein

**Deployment URL:** https://dt-468-ddct-showcase.vercel.app/

**Video Presentation & Other File** https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1BtIqaEzlHUJiing4vjUHkQDuuK3Dhd5Y?usp=drive_link

```bash
A portfolio showcase for the DDCT / DT468 course, built with React and Supabase.
This application allows students to upload their projects (including media, files, and descriptions)
and enables teachers/admins to browse, filter, and manage the submissions.
```

## Tech Stack 💻

### Core Technologies
- **Framework:** React (with TypeScript)
- **Build Tool:** Vite
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS with custom design tokens and utility classes.
- **Backend as a Service (BaaS):** Supabase
  - **Database:** Postgres
  - **Authentication:** Supabase Auth for user and role management.
  - **File Storage:** Supabase Storage for project media and downloads.
  - **Real-time:** Supabase Real-time Subscriptions for live updates on likes and comments.

### Advanced & Third-Party Components
- **UI Components:** A custom library inspired by `shadcn/ui` (Buttons, Cards, Tabs, Dialogs).
- **Image Gallery:** `slick-carousel` for the "Steam-like" project media gallery.
- **Data Visualization:** A charting library for the admin analytics dashboard.
- **Animation:** CSS transitions and keyframe animations via `tailwindcss-animate` for interactive UI elements and component states.
- **File Handling:** `jszip` for bundling project files for download.
- **Graph Rendering:** `recharts` for admin dashboard charts (bar, pie, and line visualizations).

## Getting Started ✨

Follow these steps to get the project running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### 1. Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 20.x or later recommended)
- A [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) account and project.
- A terminal or command prompt.
- (Optional) [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) if you prefer a GUI for Git.

### 2. Clone the Repository

You can clone the repository using either the command line or GitHub Desktop.

### 3. Install Dependencies

Once the repository is cloned, open a terminal in the project's root directory. (In GitHub Desktop, you can go to `Repository > Open in Command Prompt`). Then, run the following command:

```bash
npm install
```

### 4. Configure environment

Create a `.env` or `.env.local` file follows `.env.example` poject root with your Supabase keys, for example:

### 5. Run the dev server

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Main Features

- **Authentication** - secure login/logout for students, partners and administrators using Supabase Auth.
- **Home Page** - category and tag-based browsing of student projects.
- **Project Page** - Steam-like gallery, HTML description, files/downloads, likes and comments.
- **Upload Flow** - students can upload projects with media, tags and files.
- **Events** - events home page lists Supabase-backed events; event detail page shows full info; admins can create/edit/delete events in Event Management.
- **Profiles & Resume** - students can set up their profile info and export their own resume PDF; partners/admins can view full profiles and export resume summaries for others.
- **Admin Dashboard** - admin-only analytics (Recharts), project management, events management, and account settings with quick logins.


## ⚠️ Important Note About Database Performance

The account has exceeded its monthly egress (outbound data) limit, which affects how quickly media and project files load.

As a result:
- Images, videos, and project assets may load slowly
- Some files may fail to load during peak hours
- Real-time and storage operations might be temporarily throttled
```bash
  This issue is not related to the application code, but rather to the hosting limits of the current Supabase plan.
  The system performs normally when deployed on a Supabase instance with sufficient egress bandwidth.
```
